h1. Tim's Mini JavaScript Library

"github.com/seven1m/mini":http://github.com/seven1m/mini

An uber lightweight library for building Web 5.0 (beta of course) applications.

h2. mini.ajax

*mini.form.serialize(f)*
Serializes all the fields in a form so that they can be passed as a query string in the form "arg1=val1&arg2=val2".

*mini.ajax.x()*
The XMLHttpRequest object (or MS equivalent) used for communication

*mini.ajax.send(u,f,m,a)*
Send a basic Ajax request.

*mini.ajax.get(url,func)*
Uses a GET request to query the specified url and return a response to the specified function.

*mini.ajax.gets(url)*
Uses a GET request to query the specified url and return a response synchronously. Use this sparingly, as synchronous calls can lock up the browser.

*mini.ajax.post(url,func,args)*
Uses a POST request to query the specified url and return a response to the specified function.

*mini.ajax.update(url,elm,method,args)*
Uses a POST request to query the specified url and insert the result into the specified element.
* *method* = GET or POST (default)
* *args* = arguments as string (not used if specifying GET -- instead pass args with url like this: "url?arg=val")

*mini.ajax.submit(url,frm,elm)*
Used in the onsubmit handler of a function. The form is not submitted the usual way; the form is instead serialized using "ajax.serialize" and submitted using "ajax.post". The result is then inserted into the specified element.
* *frm* = form element
* *elm* (optional) = element to update with returned content; if blank, returned content will be assumed to be javascript, and will be evaluated
Example: @<form action="fallback/url" onsubmit="mini.ajax.submit('ajax/form/url', this, 'div_to_update');return false;">@

h2. mini.form

*mini.form.validate(frm)*
Use in the onsubmit handler of your form to validate that required fields are completed, e.g. @<form onsubmit="return mini.form.validate(this)">@
Indicate required fields with class="required"
Add @label.error { color: red; }@ or similar to your stylesheet so that errored fields will stand out.

